---
title: '2. Configure Item and People insights'
layout: default
nav_order: 2
parent: 'Lab 3 Exercise 3: Work with semantic index for Copilot'
---

# Task 3.2: Configure Item and People insights

On the Search and Intelligence page in the Microsoft 365 admin center, Item insights are enabled by default. Turning off people or item insights limits the Microsoft Search and semantic index experience, as results won't include relevant people that would have been derived from distribution groups or from the organizational chart.

- People insights provide a list of relevant people to a user based on their public collaborative work in Microsoft 365. Public collaboration includes members of a public distribution group and individuals connected in the organizational chart.
- Item insights allow recommendations for people in your organization based on their collaborative work in Microsoft 365. These recommendations might include but aren't limited to documents or other types of content and show up in people cards (contacts), Delve, The Microsoft 365 app, Microsoft Copilot results, and other locations.

Both Item insights and People insights don't cover personalization features based on a user's own data.

1. In Microsoft Edge, go to [https://admin.microsoft.com](https://admin.microsoft.com).

1. In the left menu, select **Show all**.

1. In the left menu, expand **Settings** and then select **Search & intelligence**.

1. On the Search & intelligence page, select **Configurations**.

1. Under **Item insights**, select **Change**.

1. On the Item insights pane, review the settings and then close the pane.

1. Under **People insights**, select **Change**.

1. On the People insights pane, review the settings and then close the pane.

{: .highlight }
> Learn more about [**Customizing item insights privacy in Microsoft Graph**](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-US/graph/insights-customize-item-insights-privacy?view=graph-rest-1.0&amp;WT.mc_id=365AdminCSH_inproduct").
