---
title: 'Lab 3 Exercise 3: Work with semantic index for Copilot'
layout: default
nav_order: 11
has_children: true
---

# Exercise 3: Work with semantic index for Copilot

The semantic index is a new feature of Microsoft 365 search that uses the Microsoft Graph to better interact with your personal and organizational data. It creates a new index that enables the future of Search and Copilot experiences. The semantic index follows the security and policies Microsoft Graph. Whenever a user queries either through search or in Microsoft Copilot, it's always with the user's security context, and only content that a user can access is shown.

The semantic index enhances Microsoft Copilot and search results in the Microsoft 365 app, SharePoint Online, and Microsoft Teams. It does this by creating two indexes to support an enhanced search experience and conceptual understanding of your online data that are enabled automatically by Microsoft.

User-level indexing creates a personalized index for your eyes only on a working set of data and makes it more accessible for you to use with everyday tasks. This includes any text-based content you make or interact with, such as emails, documents that mention you, or that you comment on or share. The tenant-level index adds text-based SharePoint Online files that are accessible by two or more people in your organization via site inheritance. However, it only surfaces the results to a user if the user already has access to the content controlled by role-based access control. Additionally, the SharePoint Online site must remain searchable.
