---
title: '1. Install the Microsoft Graph connector agent'
layout: default
nav_order: 1
parent: 'Lab 3 Exercise 1: Configure Graph connectors for Enhanced Copilot Experience'
---

# Task 1.1: Install the Microsoft Graph connector agent

Using on-premises connectors requires installing Microsoft Graph connector agent software. It allows for secure data transfer between on-premises data and the connector APIs. This task guides you through installing and configuring the agent.

1. Check that your local machine meets the [recommended Microsoft Graph connector agent prerequisites]( https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftsearch/graph-connector-agent#recommended-configuration).

1. Right-click **Start** and then select **Terminal (Admin)**.

1. At the PowerShell prompt, enter the following command and then press Enter:

    ```PowerShell-wrap
    Get-ExecutionPolicy
    ```

1. In the output of the command, verify **RemoteSigned** is displayed.  
    If the execution policy is not set to allow remote signed scripts, run **Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned**.

1. Close the terminal window.

1. Download the latest version of the Microsoft Graph connector agent and install the software by using the installation configuration assistant. Open Microsoft Edge and then go to **[https://aka.ms/gca](https://aka.ms/gca)**.

1. On the Microsoft Graph Connector Agent page, select **Download**.

1. In the **Downloads** notification, after the installer has been downloaded, select **Open file**.

1. In the Graph connector agent Setup window, select **Next**.

1. Select the **I accept the terms in the License Agreement** checkbox and then select **Next**.

1. Review the information and then select **Install**.

1. Wait for the agent to finish installing and then select **Finish**.

    The Graph connector agent configuration setup will begin. Leave this window open. You will be returning to it soon.
