---
title: '5. Add and configure the File share connection'
layout: default
nav_order: 5
parent: 'Lab 3 Exercise 1: Configure Graph connectors for Enhanced Copilot Experience'
---

# Task 1.5: Add and configure the File share connection

1. In Microsoft Edge, go to [https://admin.microsoft.com](https://admin.microsoft.com).

1. In the left menu, select **Show all**.

1. In the left menu, expand **Settings** and then select **Search & intelligence**.

1. On the Search & intelligence page, select **Data sources**.

1. On the **Data sources** tab, select **+ Set up a new connection**.

1. On the Connect to data source page, review the available data sources that you can use.  
    Select **File share** and then select **Next**.

1. Under **Connection ID**, notice the current value for the ID.  
    The ConnectionID is alphanumeric text that uniquely identifies this connection. Allowed values are numbers and letters [A-Z,a-z,0-9]. Once created, this cannot be changed.

1. Select **Edit**.

1. Rename the ConnectionID to **FileConnectorContoso**.

1. In the **Name** box, enter **FileConnectorContoso**.

1. In the **Display name** box, enter **FileShare01**.

1. Under the **Connection** icon, select **Edit**.

1. Review the link and image format used for the current icon.

1. Under **Notice**, review the description, select the checkbox, and then select **Save and Proceed**.

1. On the Data source settings page, in the **Data sources**, enter **\\\localhost\\\FileShare**.

1. Under **Graph connector agent**, review the name of the agent. This is the agent you configured earlier.

1. Under **Authentication type**, verify **Windows** is selected.

1. In the **Username** box, enter **FS01\Administrator**.

1. In the **Password** box, enter the administrator password for the file share and then select **Test Connection**.  
    You may have to scroll down to get to the button.

1. Verify the connection was successful and then select **Save and Proceed**.

1. On the Last access date page, review the information and then select **Save and Proceed**.  
    Do not make any changes.

1. On the Limits for file indexing page, review the information and then select **Save and Proceed**.  
    Do not make any changes.

1. On the Customer property setup page, review the information and then select **Save and Proceed**.  
    Do not make any changes.

1. On the Access permissions page, select **Everyone** and then select **Save and Proceed**.

1. Continue to review the remaining pages without making any changes and select **Save and Proceed** after you've finished reviewing.

1. On the Review & publish page, select **Publish**.

1. On the Connection Published page, select **Save and Close**.

1. On the **Data sources** tab, review the newly created connection.  
    Notice the **Connection state** column. The status will update to **Ready** after publishing is complete. This may take 5-10 minutes.

{: .highlight }
> Select the following link to learn more about [**Setting up Microsoft Graph connectors in the Microsoft 365 admin center**](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftsearch/configure-connector).
