---
title: 'Lab 3 Exercise 1: Configure Graph connectors for Enhanced Copilot Experience'
layout: default
nav_order: 9
has_children: true
---

# Lab 3: Leverage Copilot for Microsoft 365, Microsoft Graph, and Semantic Index for enhanced responses

Contoso has deployed Copilot for Microsoft 365 and Windows Copilot and configured roles in the Microsoft Admin center.  
The company has many documents stored in a Windows File Share system. These documents are used by various departments within the organization, such as Sales, Marketing, HR, and Finance. Each department has its own set of documents relevant to its function.  
However, due to the lack of a unified system, employees often struggle to find the documents they need. This leads to decreased productivity and collaboration, as employees spend a lot of time searching for files.  
To address this issue, Contoso decides to use the Microsoft Graph connector to index data from the Windows File Share.   
In this lab, you'll explore Microsoft Graph and Semantic Index for Copilot. You'll use the Microsoft Graph Explorer and the Azure portal to explore the role of Microsoft Graph and Semantic Index for Copilot in providing context and relevance to your prompts.    
You'll also learn how to use the Microsoft Graph API and the Semantic Index API to query and manipulate your organizational data using Copilot.  
 
In this lab, you'll use Microsoft Graph connectors and Semantic Index to query and manipulate organizational data using Copilot. You will also explore the role of Semantic Index in providing context and relevance to prompts.

# Exercise 1: Configure Graph connectors for Enhanced Copilot Experience

Microsoft Graph connector agent can be used to index your on-premises data sources such as file shares, SQL databases, and so on using the Microsoft-built Graph connectors. The indexed content will be used to power experiences such as Microsoft Search, Viva Topics, and more.
