---
title: '1. Verify apps'
layout: default
nav_order: 1
parent: 'Lab 1 Exercise 1: Deploy Copilot for Microsoft 365 and Windows Copilot'
---

# Task 1.1: Verify apps

{: .important } You will need a user account that has a license with Microsoft 365 apps assigned and doesn't yet have a Copilot for Microsoft 365 license assigned.  
>If you are familiar with license assignment and the experience of Copilot in Microsoft apps and Windows, then review the tasks, complete those necessary for the tasks, and continue with the lab.

1. Open **Microsoft Word**, or any Microsoft 365 apps and sign in using an account credentials for a user that does not have a Copilot for Microsoft 365 license assigned.

1. Create a new document and confirm Copilot is not integrated is not available in the ribbon bar.

1. Close **Microsoft Word**.

1. On the taskbar, select **Copilot in Windows (preview)**.  
    In the lab virtual machine, this is located in the lower-left corner of the taskbar.

    [CopilotinWindowsIcon.jpg](../media/Updates/CopilotinWindowsIcon.jpg "Copilot in Windows taskbar icon"){75}

    {: .note } You can also use the **WINDOWS** **C** hotkey to open Copilot in Windows. Copilot in Windows connects to Microsoft Copilot (previously known as Bing Chat) using the same Microsoft account or Microsoft Entra account used to sign-in to Windows to provide personalized assistance and access to a wide range of features. 

1. Select a suggested prompt tile and review the results.

    {: .note } Copilot works as expected. Notice that there is no account associated with Copilot at the moment and that there are no privacy or data protection applied to your prompt and results.
    >
    >**Example Output:**
    [b3.jpg](../media/Lab1/b3.jpg)

1. Close the **Copilot (preview)** window. 

