---
title: '1. Manage connections in the Microsoft admin center'
layout: default
nav_order: 1
parent: 'Lab 3 Exercise 2: Update and delete connections in Microsoft Graph'
---

# Task 2.1: Manage connections in the Microsoft admin center

1. In Microsoft Edge, in Search & intelligence, select the **FileConnector@lab.LabInstance.Id** connection. 
    If necessary, go to [https://admin.microsoft.com](https://admin.microsoft.com), sign in using your Global Administrator account and then go to **Settings** > **Search & Intelligence** > **Data sources**.

1. Select the **FileConnector@lab.LabInstance.Id** connection.

1. On the FileConnector@lab.LabInstance.Id pane, expand **Current Crawl** and **Last Crawl** and then review the information.  

1. Using the information under **Last Crawl**, compare the **Successes from last crawl** to the number of files in your file share and confirm they match.

1. Under **Data source**, select **View data sources**.

1. On the Data sources details pane, expand **\\localhost\\FileShare**.

1. Review the information and then select **Edit**.

1. On the Create connection name & ID page, select **Save and Proceed**.

1. On the Data source settings, scroll down and then select **Edit settings**.

1. Notice that this does not allow you to change the **Data sources**. Select **Close**.

1. Select the **FileConnector@lab.LabInstance.Id** connection.

1. In Data source details, select the **Back** arrow to return to the FileConnector@lab.LabInstance.Id pane.

1. On the menu, select **Pause**.

1. In the **Pause** dialog box, review the information and then select **Cancel**.

1. Select the **Statistics** tab.

1. Here you can monitor the crawl data associated with this connection.  
    This connection will not have data because it was recently created.

1. Select the **Error** tab.

1. Use the information on the Error tab to help troubleshoot issues with the connection.

1. Close the FileConnector@lab.LabInstance.Id pane.
